There is all this glamor to remember like this.
that marriage be perfect grooms
have to have money planning and
luck
this is what our house pop shows even
in tenth place
there was a candle in the middle of the way
the photographer got the best angle
to register the bride and groom's
take shame then come out smiling like
if nothing had happened
the ninth position could not be worse
the discreet bride celebration receives the
wafer and gave some wine
it seems that something happened
Ours I dropped the denture in.
the cup and what a shame
Look at the window in the little smile.
groom stayed there to firm and strong with
that face of who does not know what to do
and still had to sip wine
where the dentition dips
knows that situation where you are already
crazy to laugh to relax alone
need a little help
because it is when the groom changed the phrase the
that's a good goal, what do you mean?
legitimate wife for the same hoff who is
something like that made of those who
have greater than ahoy
the bride could not stand it and even gestured
to eat or cast
then the noir send the word bread
hot that means pancakes
this was enough for the bride melissa
laugh out loud
nor the guests existed, and the priest
waiting for you to continue the wedding
in the seventh position, it is not
In mine mines the ceremony begins
to drink and come up with incredible ideas like
is rising high from the windmill
to take photos
good loyce arrived no more
in sixth position the bride and groom were almost
there when one of the godparents got lost
the balance and pit fainted fell in the
ground for marriage call a doctor
that does not make the emotion in people
fifth place is the general animation on the
sound and editing
the lady in red was in there with
the top grid should certainly be due to
so much happiness
But you already know this does not go too.
Well, or nothing at all.
she thought the mast
from the tent was the equipment after
dance literally friend the house fall down
The bride left bruised.
fourth place
time to deliver the rings then the father
the groom went up and
You know how it is, in marriage to us.
always late but he forgot to
put on the belt and pay samba song
has a tide and donation a movie from
marriage is the best memory of a
perfect marriage the bride and groom happy in
go quiet you grafista there guaranteed
beautiful images
attentive to audio to the most
forgot to bring the wrong signal not
There is no one to guide
he was walking on his back and tumultuous
larger than coty
take a look at the cute little feet
picture corner
it's worth seeing again, it's not good that
there is the issue to let the debtor
I love it, man.
the second position
the economy that comes out expensive did not hire
genius nor host hastily and soon
a candidate appeared
The john kissed x released the song to
homage to the singer and drummer of
music your embarrassment eats wants
say you can not understand
the champion of our top 10 could not
be another super godfather is this one the
first standing on the right side
that for how he is delighted with the
yellow girl so enchanted that neither
It was cool when it was time to go out.
it was all for water to the priest fiancé to vibrate
and I do not know how the night did not play either
he
looks